Artist Statement : Carole Chao

  I implemented many aspects that are related to the concept and ideas from the article "Something is wrong on the Internet". The page begins with a WIFI logo searching for signal and responsiveVoice telling the instructions to the player. ResponsiveVoice imitates the voice of Mickey Mouse, the Disney character because of its high pitch and intonations to suit a younger audience. In case the player did not understand carefully the instructions, they can open the instruction button, or say “say it again”, which will repeat the instructions in reverse. The code for the reversed instructions is from my previous assignment. It changes into a loading screen once the player says: “Internet On”. The player sees the page loading and knowing users usually tends to click anywhere on the screen when they’re impatient, I added a click function on the loading image. Next, the vocal commands create an illusion that the computer is automatic and follows your instructions. However, the player becomes confused when playing the incorrect mix matched puzzle game and the incorrect stories that comes with its cover. Considering that the puzzle will never be completed properly, the player will click on the “Next” button to read stories from the bookshelf. 

  Instead of focusing on the aesthetic in style.css and the text in index.html like my past assignments and projects, I experimented with different jQuery Ui interactions and I used responsiveVoice and Annyang to program the voice commands and the funny.
