Artist Statement : Carole Chao

  I started with the idea of a sentient webpage. With some research I found this website (https://www.sentientweb.ca/) which inspired me to create my web page. My original plan was to build an online shop, but instead of buying materials, the user would buy personality traits, compliments, physical traits and mindsets. However, in the process of making this webpage, it made more sense to me to follow the concept of a sentient website.

  To include that personal touch, I chose a family-font that looks similar to handwriting. The login form gives the user a sense of privacy, with information only that person can access. My website is a mix of a journal and agenda at the same time, a place to write down your thoughts, plan your day, and/or a page to enjoy and entertain themselves. I tried to use calm and neutral tones in my website because my goal was to be able to untangle and clear the users’ mind from all the news. My inspiration for this project were “feel good websites” that displays only positive contents such as memes or travel dream destinations.
  
  To begin, the login page contains a background of serene landscape and a quote, which are randomly generated whenever the user refreshes the page. Then, the next page is dedicated to positive and hopeful thoughts. In case the user is confused, the reminder button is there to remind the user that it is okay to take breaks from time to time and the progress bar “Stress uninstalling…” reflects the goal of this page. Therefore, the countdown timer allows the user to take a one-hour break between whatever they might be doing. The multiple-choice questions introduce the user to some self-improvement ideas or thoughts to reflect about. Thus, I added the editable text box below for the user to type whatever they wish to type. The “Back Page” and “Next Page” allows the user to move from one page to the other. The second page is enabling the user to create a to-do list when they feel productive. They can also add, cross completed tasks or remove elements from the list. Finally, the third page is the fun aspect of the whole website. There are questions with multiple correct answers, including some childish answers as well. Under that section is a hidden photo album with random meme images whenever the mouse is over the empty area.
  
  Due to the current situation, it was hard for me to separate work hours and relaxing hours. Therefore, I decided to build a webpage about the dilemma of being productive or use the extra hours to work on ourselves. I had a really long period of realization during the beginning of the quarantine and a lot of thoughts came to my mind. The transition from in-class to online classes was hard and I had to re-organize my schedule with school, house duties, and social activities. I started focusing on other aspect of my life rather than always listening to bad news on TV channels and this website contains elements that helped me cope with this situation.
  
  
